AsmParser: parse source comment using scanner instead of regex (#15209)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Language Features:
 * Accept declarations of state variables with ``transient`` data location (parser support only, no code generation yet).
 * Make ``require(bool, Error)`` available when using the legacy pipeline.

>  * Yul: Parsing rules for source location comments have been relaxed: Whitespace between the indices as well as single-quoted code snippets are now allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Yul: Parsing rules for source location comments have been relaxed: Whitespace between the location components as well as single-quoted code snippets are now allowed.
```

Bugfixes:

>  * AsmParser: Source location comments no longer rely no regex to be parsed. Whitespaces between the indices as well as single-quoted code snippets are now allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * AsmParser: Parsing rules for source location comments have been relaxed: Whitespace between the indices as well as single-quoted code snippets are now allowed.
```

I'd say that the fact that we used a regex is an implementation detail. What's important to the user is that the parsing rules have changed.

Bugfixes:

>  * AsmParser: Parsing rules for source location comments have been relaxed: Whitespace between the indices as well as single-quoted code snippets are now allowed.

Reviewer 2: I guess we should also mention that it fixes that regexp segfault: https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/issues/13496.

Reviewer: I see you appended it at the end. I think it should have its own entry. It's a proper bugfix.

Also, the original entry about relaxed debug comment parsing should really go under `Language Features:`, with a `Yul: ` prefix. I think we can consider these comments a part of Yul syntax. At least we're parsing them along with the rest of Yul code.

Bugfixes:

>  * AsmParser: Alleviates risk of encountering a segfault for very long comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Yul Parser: Fix segfault when parsing very long location comments.
```
